[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com
type = PO

[cubeengine.core]
file_filter = cubeengine/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = cubeengine/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.basics]
file_filter = basics/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = basics/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.border]
file_filter = border/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = border/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.conomy]
file_filter = conomy/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = conomy/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.fakeanticheat]
file_filter = fakeanticheat/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = fakeanticheat/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.fly]
file_filter = fly/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = fly/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.fun]
file_filter = fun/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = fun/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.hide]
file_filter = hide/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = hide/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.itemrepair]
file_filter = itemrepair/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = itemrepair/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.locker]
file_filter = locker/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = locker/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.log]
file_filter = log/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = log/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.roles]
file_filter = roles/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = roles/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.rulebook]
file_filter = rulebook/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = rulebook/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.shout]
file_filter = shout/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = shout/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.signmarket]
file_filter = signmarket/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = signmarket/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.travel]
file_filter = travel/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = travel/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.vote]
file_filter = vote/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = vote/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

[cubeengine.writer]
file_filter = writer/src/main/resources/translations/<lang>.po
source_file = writer/src/main/resources/translations/messages.pot
source_lang = en_US

